[docs] Add Results on the top of the TPC-C page. (#4949)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/benchmark/tpcc-ysql/100-wh/tpcc-ysql.md

### TPC-C Load Phase

Before starting the workload, you will need to load the data first. Make sure
to replace the IP addresses with that of the nodes in the cluster. Loader
threads allows us to configure the amount of threads used to load the data. For
a 3 node c5d.4xlarge cluster, loader threads value of 48 was the most optimal.

```sh
$ ./tpccbenchmark --create=true --load=true \
  --nodes=127.0.0.1,127.0.0.2,127.0.0.3 \
  --warehouses=100 \
  --loaderthreads 48
```

<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Cluster</td>
      <td>3 nodes of type `c5d.4xlarge`</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Loader threads</td>
      <td>48</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Loading Time</td>

>       <td>~1 hours</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>~1 hour</td>
```

Author: Done.

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Data Set Size</td>
      <td>~80 GB</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

> Tune the --loaderthreads parameter for higher parallelism during the load, based on the number and type of nodes in the cluster. The value specified here, 48 threads, is optimal for a 3-node cluster of type c5d.4xlarge (16 vCPUs). For larger clusters, or machines with more vCPUs, increase this value accordingly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tune the --loaderthreads parameter for higher parallelism during the load, based on the number and type of nodes in the cluster. The value specified here, 48 threads, is optimal for a 3-node cluster of type c5d.4xlarge (16 vCPUs). For larger clusters, or machines with more vCPUs, increase this value accordingly.
```

Author: Done.

> Tune the --loaderthreads parameter, which determines the concurrency of loading data, depending on the number of nodes and type of nodes in the cluster. The value specified here, 48 threads, is optimal for a 3-node cluster of type c5d.4xlarge (16 vCPUs). For larger clusters, or machines with more vCPUs, increase this value accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tune the --loaderthreads parameter for higher parallelism during the load, based on the number and type of nodes in the cluster. The value specified here, 48 threads, is optimal for a 3-node cluster of type c5d.4xlarge (16 vCPUs). For larger clusters, or machines with more vCPUs, increase this value accordingly.
```

Author: Done

### TPC-C Load Phase

Before starting the workload, you will need to load the data first. Make sure

> to replace the IP addresses with that of the nodes in the cluster. Loader

Reviewer 2: Let's add some information in each of these benchmark experiments on:
* What the specs of the benchmark machine were
* How many loader threads were used
* How long it took to load data
* How long the experiment was run for

We can follow this up with a note which says:

Tune the `--loaderthreads` parameter, which determines the concurrency of loading data, depending on the number of nodes and type of nodes in the cluster. The value specified here, 48 threads, is optimal for a 3-node cluster of type `c5d.4xlarge` (16 vCPUs). For larger clusters, or machines with more vCPUs, increase this value accordingly.

Author: Done.

Author: I didn't have the exact data set size for all the experiments.
Will add them as a subsequent code review when we add the C5d details.

threads allows us to configure the amount of threads used to load the data. For

> a 3 node C5.4Large cluster, loader threads value of 48 was the most optimal.

Author: Done.

  --warehouses=100
```

## 4. TPC-C Benchmark Results

Once the execution is done the TPM-C number along with the efficiency is printed.

```
18:01:57,149 (DBWorkload.java:894) INFO  - ======================================================================

> 18:01:57,149 (DBWorkload.java:895) INFO  - Rate limited reqs/s: Results(nanoSeconds=1800000367051, measuredRequests=85376) = 47.43110143909266 requests/sec

Reviewer: Separately, we should remove the term "Rate limited" and instead just call it "Throughput".
Along similar lines, we should enhance the output to provide latency numbers too and also provide a split of throughput and latency across the 5 workload types.

Author: Right that makes sense.

18:01:57,150 (DBWorkload.java:900) INFO  - Num New Order transactions : 38211, time seconds: 1800

> 18:01:57,150 (DBWorkload.java:901) INFO  - TPM-C: 1273

Reviewer: Same here: 1273.7
